Hello everyone, Serge, this is the channel
let's see and here finally came
xiaomi welcome camera
Salome and action camera let's now
let's unpack let's see how it looks like
supplied with what
noteworthy the camera has reached very and very
fast two weeks singapore .
a reference to the seller I am on the seller I
leave in the description well, and a lot of reviews
Someone can also be very quick
everything is wonderful this side
bundled optional camera seller
should have put another flash 8
gigabyte at all the seller is very
sociable support was always all
very good and wonderful
everything is packed too as you can see perfectly
that's our camera
and flash drive here too
micro sd 8 gigabyte 4 class well, not 10
just as it should be here and a box in uh
how small
Generally tin for comparison here for
sj4000 finally super small straight super
little I imagined her more
let's open is usually such a cardboard
box on pretty
looks nice let's
let's open our camera
as you can see the boxes here foam
chick beautifully neat let's watch
looks gorgeous
nothing to say let's see what's here
yet these are standards only inversion that is
without monopod only two versions of this
travel uniform standard
the wire on the rubber is short
little cool cool
battery all included more
there's nothing
additional function
and all
the box is empty everything is so compact
packed enough well I like
let's try to exclude volumes before
the quality is certainly not comparable with the same 4000
all very well done let's
let's see how it all opens up
here
class so got on piles
here we have a plug with all the connectors
cool cool guys this is perfect
another level
compared with the same 4000 wi-fi
so let's remove the film
from the lens of the check, too, so here we are
camera try to turn on
gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous let's
try to connect it with the phone
whether it will turn out at all application for
iphone from only one as far as i know
which works with him okay we will do it
in the full test here next to hd 4000 she
we see a little bit more but thinner when
This is gorgeous, elegantly made by weight
about the same but made it
much better quality and that's it
it was on the king next video
there will be a full detailed review on this
camera photo-video shooting examples
comparison with the same 4000
subscribe to the channel put your fingers
top with you was serg bye bye bye